{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang4105\deflangfe4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri Light;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f7\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red46\green116\blue181;\red79\green129\blue189;\red0\green0\blue255;\red5\green99\blue193;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.14393}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 This document contains the changes in all updates to the Unofficial Metro for Steam Patch by RedSigma and K12T6.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 8.0 \b [Latest Version]\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Added support for Metro for Steam 4.2\par
\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 New Extra - Default Overlay Style\par
\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Improved Downloads Page for all languages.\par
\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Small fixes on the themes.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32\lang9 Changes in Version 7.3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Major Code Cleanup\par
\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Moderate Performance Improvements\par
\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Improved Startup Speed Time\par
\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Changed the way caption buttons are rendered\par
\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Changed all small caption buttons to the huge ones except for the chat windows\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 o \f3\lang1033\tab\f0\lang4105 We have completely removed any caption button reference.They are globa\lang1033 l\lang4105 ly\f3\lang1033\par
\tab\f0\lang4105 controlled by the \i steamrootdialog.layout\i0  and the new \i steamscheme.res\i0  file\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Improved "Streaming Button" Visual Design\par

\pard\li720 o\f3\lang1033\tab\f0\lang4105  Thanks {\cf2{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/fralyx/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul fralyx}}}}\f0\fs22 !\lang1033  \f3\lang4105\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Changed the "Remote Streaming Notification" visual design to match the metro one\par

\pard\li720 o \f3\lang1033\tab\f0\lang4105 Thanks {\cf2{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/fralyx/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul fralyx}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Fixed a small CPU spike in Friends Panel\par
\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Added "System Information" item in the hamburger menu since it was missing\par
\f2\lang9\'b7\tab\f0\lang4105 Changed the way how the top black bars are rendered\f3\lang9\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 7.2.1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0 Added Metro Midnight Theme\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Small fixes on the other themes\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 7.2\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0 Introducing Themes! \endash  Different styles of the original skin.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f4 o\tab\f0 Metro Blue\par
\f4 o\tab\f0 Metro White\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 [OSX] Fixed fonts being too large.\par

\pard\fi-360\li1080\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197992135198/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Kiba}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Overlay Back/Forward Buttons\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved Workshop Items visual style.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved \ldblquote Friends Nickname Dialog\rdblquote  for all languages.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved "Add Non-Steam Games Dialog" for all languages.\f3\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 7.1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0 Added support for Metro for Steam 4.1.3.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved Downloads Icon\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed invisible windows\'85 We think.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed some CPU spikes in Library Details View\f3\par

\pard\fi-360\li1080\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198011543412/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul SLAYER [\f5\u9760?\f0 ]\f5 }}}}\f3\fs22 !\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed DLC Panel's Scroll buttons\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed the freezing problem when opening links with scroll wheel.\f3\lang4105\par

\pard\fi-360\li1080\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/goodone" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul goodone}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par
\f3\lang9\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Secured Links image.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Minor fixes in "CDKey Display Dialog"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved Visual Style of List Headers.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Details View right links margin.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved "Friends Aliases Dialog" for all languages.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved Details View background images.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 7.0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0 Added support for Metro for Steam 4.1.1\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Main Buttons and Library Links Disabled text.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Changed the way hidden objects are hidden due to issues on Linux.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Major code reorganization \endash  This should improve performance on low end machines.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed the cached steam_cloudsync.tga error.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed SteamVR Buttons.\f3\par

\pard\fi-360\li1080\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197986717651/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul FineWolf}}}}\f3\fs22 !\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 New Extra - Removed Friends Search Bar\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed the \ldblquote EnableDesktopGameTheater\rdblquote  checkbox in \ldblquote Shortcut Properties Dialog\rdblquote\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved "Launch Parameters Dialog" for all languages\f3 .\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved "Content Management Dialog" for all languages\f3 .\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Completely removed any text overlap on Downloads Page for all languages\f3 .\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved "Games Category Dialog" for all languages\f3 .\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved "Friends Tags Dialog" for all languages\f3 .\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved Settings>Downloads text spacing for all languages\f3 .\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved "Game Properties Dialog" Texts\f3 .\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 6.0.1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed the positioning of the new items added in the March 28\super th\nosupersub  Steam update.\f3\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 6\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0 Folder organization has been improved even more than it was before.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed the Small Texts from Downloads Page\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed the New Buttons from Settings>In-Game and Settings>Downloads\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Minor improvements in Broadcast Chat Window\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Minor improvements in Friends Panel\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Send Button in Chat extra now shows an image instead of "Send"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Emoticon button seperated from text input box and given a new image.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Major improvements to the High DPI extra.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f4 o\tab\f0 It\rquote s now its own separate folder with its own version of each extra allowing for every extra to be compatible with it.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Minor improvements in Compact Friends Panel\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Added back Downloads Progress bar\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Downloads Legend Texts on all Languages\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed "OverlaySettings Dialog" Close Button Overlap\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed "AudioChannel" Buttons in "SettingsSubStreamingAdvancedClient Dialog"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Removed Workshop Items's stars for being useless\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Downloads Throttle and Auto-Update Text\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 5.4\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed the High CPU leak in the Detail View of Library.\par

\pard\fi-360\li1080\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://steamcommunity.com/id/Clavius" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Clavius}}}}\f0\fs22  and {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198078094561/" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Gi5}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par
\f3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Repositioned "SupportAlert" button and made it an icon rather than text.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed the Round DLC button in the Detail View of Library.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 5.3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\lang4105\'b7\tab\f0 Redesigned Overlay on Lower Resolutions.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Changed Overlay Workshop Button due to problems switching to low res overlay.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved visibility of text links in the overlay (Web Browser, Music, .etc.)\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved animations of Steam notifications\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed "ScreenshotUpload Dialog" Texts/Progressbar\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed "PendingGifts Dialog" Caption Buttons\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Removed "Login Loading Dialog" ProgressBar\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Minor Text Fixes in "RegisterCDKeyWizard Dialog"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 [OS X] Fixed launch button header again\par

\pard\fi-360\li1080\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://steamcommunity.com/id/drgouglhupf" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul dr.gouglhupf}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par
\f3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Chat Window Huge Caption buttons\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Removed Steam Overlay Minimize/Maximize Buttons in chat\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Removed "No Connection Dialog" Close button due to problems exiting Steam\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed caption buttons overlap in "Game Properties Dialog"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Minor optimizations in "WelcometoSteam Dialogs"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Minor optimizations in "Steam Login Dialog"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Minor optimizations in "Uninstall Dialog"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Visual Improvements in "CDKeyDisplay Dialog"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Visual Improvements in "ParentalLock/Unlock Dialogs"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Visual Improvements in "ContactEmailWizard Dialogs"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Visual Improvements in "PasswordWizard Dialog"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Visual Improvements in "Game Backup Dialog"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Visual Improvements in "SubStreaming Dialogs"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Visual Improvements in "Shortcut Properties Dialog"\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Visual Improvements in "Friends Tags Dialog"\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32\lang9 Changes in Version 5.2\par

\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22\lang4105 Removed Minimize Button from Launch Game Dialog\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Minor Chat Window Optimizations\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Large Caption Button in Clan Event Dialog\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Minor Visual Improvements in Music Player\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Fixed Friends Panel Online/In-game status icons\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32\lang9 Changes in Version 5.1\par

\pard{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf7\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22\lang4105 Improved Repositioned Group Chat Lock Button\par
{\pntext\f7\'B7\tab}Large Caption Buttons on the Music Player\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 5\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Download Notification "GameImage" Border\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Slightly Visible Dividers\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Horizontal scrollbar\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed friends/achievements list cutoff\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed last DLC image\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Optimized Screenshots Manager\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Repositioned Group Chat Lock Button\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Added game icon before title\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 [OSX] Fixed launch button header\par

\pard\fi-360\li1440\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/goodone" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul goodone}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\f3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Parental Button\par

\pard\fi-360\li1440\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/goodone" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul goodone}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\f3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Settings>Account buttons width\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Added Windows 8 Font Fix \par

\pard\fi-360\li1440\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://steamcommunity.com/id/pnadapower" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul pundapowa}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\f3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed orphaned checkbox/label from Settings>Downloads\par

\pard\fi-360\li1440\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/goodone" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul goodone}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\f3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Improved Chat Window Huge Buttons\par

\pard\keep\keepn\nowidctlpar\s1\sb240\sl252\slmult1\cf1\f1\fs32 Changes in Version 4\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\cf0\f2\fs22\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Phone Reminder\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed install path combobox\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed "No connection dialog" caption button\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed SteamBETA playtime slider\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Search bar when directwrite is off\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed Downloads Filter button\par

\pard\fi-360\li1440\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/goodone" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul goodone}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\f3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed in-game settings category\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Reorganized EXTRAS folder to support Install/Unistall for easy use.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed broadcast and other steam dialogs captions buttons.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Added back last 4 friends in overlay.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed add/create playlist buttons.\par

\pard\fi-360\li1440\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/goodone" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul goodone}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\f3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Cleaned some obsolete text in musicpage_details_album.layout\par

\pard\fi-360\li1440\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/goodone" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul goodone}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\f3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed forgot password text in parental dialog and repositioned the button.\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Centered the height of the minimize caption buttons to make it more like what is shown in Windows 10.\par

\pard\fi-360\li360\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Added {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/goodone" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul goodone\rquote s}}}}\f0\fs22  graph bar from Metro for Steam Dark\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Fixed View Account Details in Steam Settings Account tab\par

\pard\fi-360\li1440\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/goodone" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul goodone}}}}\f0\fs22 !\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\f3\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sa160\sl252\slmult1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Download file is now more organized to make adding additional content a breeze!\par

\pard\fi-360\li1440\f4 o\tab\f0 Thanks {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://steamcommunity.com/id/K12T6" }}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul K12T6}}}}\f0\fs22 !\f6\lang9\par
}
 